would I show you here today is a brand
new city so at e3 we have Venice this
time around we had Florence and all his
beauty and instead of having a really
constraint demo we had the toy we had
the actual game and I just played it for
you and I had fun with the tools that
I've got I showed you the money system
the economic system where I can go and
bump into people and steal their money
but then with that money I could show
the money on the ground and people will
be attracted by it and so for the people
who play the first game for the erasers
you know the people who would come to
you the beggar saying I want money well
this time you have a tool to shut them
up so and also like just attracting
people with it and it's fun to see but
with the money I can buy tools also like
poison but I put on my you know hidden
lane and I can poison people and by
poisoning for example the bodyguard of a
target I will let the bodyguard kill my
target instead of me what's really fun
is like you have the target well you
have the crazy person because of the
poison that goes around with the sword
then you throw the money and then people
gets close to the guy and then they get
kill it's like always funny to be
killing people like that in a game right
not in your life what else and we showed
something quite unique for Assassin's
Creed coupe to call the secret location
where instead of being in this big
open-ended city you'll be inside you'll
be under need to church in the catacombs
and being playing much more a linear
gameplay asking we're asking the player
to do specific action and specific
moment giving more like a prince of
persia foil or even to write a feel to
the game so it's again this idea of
giving player more diversity than in HD
one
with the money the idea is like let's
use the money not only to buy stuff
which you can do buying web burns buying
armors but also let's buy people up you
know that let let's play with the
bribing system so we have three main
factions that can help you out in the
game the one I showed you was the
mercenaries where they fight for you
they will also protect you so it's like
I don't like a shield and a bomb at the
same time and you can also hire some
courtesans and they will walk with you
and it'll be totally blended because
people will more look at the woman then
the guy in the middle of them and you
have teams that can follow you on the
rooftops and that's pretty neat because
with them you can ask em to go and steal
something and that will and then it will
start a chase so they will distract the
guard the key you can do it from the
rooftop so you can also look around it
for you and you can plan your action and
something else that I showed you it's
called eagle vision but this time around
in AC to the eagle vision that lets you
see your targets and everything not only
can you do it in first person but you
can go in 3rd person and continue
playing while in eagle vision the thing
is though you don't have their Hut so
you won't be staying in eagle vision all
the time but it's a really good good way
of playing the game
Assassin's Creed chu is coming out on
ps3 and 360 at the end of the year for
the holiday season november 17